{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\ul\b\fs20 CHANGES\par
Version 1.08\ulnone\b0\par
- Cutscenes in previous patch were in the game files but not properly triggered, now cutscenes trigger.\par
- Kraken tentacles and arms in 4th battle did not have proper stats. The new stats are now implemented and the battle should now be more challenging.\par
\b - \b0 Brass Loader's stats corrected.\par
- Giant Bat was improperly named "Bat" the correction has been implemented and his proper stats were also inserted.\par
- Dark Mage stats corrected\par
- Post Battle 04 Cutscene implemented\par
- Pre Battle 05 Cutscene implemented\par
- Post Battle 05 Cutscene implemented\par
- Pre Battle 06 Cutscene implemented\par
- Post Battle 06 Cutscene implemented\par
- The Waterfalls in Battle 06 are now animated.\par
\ul\b\par
Version 1.09\par
\ulnone\b0 - A bug caused Blaze to previously be a single still frame, the bug is fixed and animation is now implemented\ul\b\par
\ulnone - \b0 Improved Ian Battle Sprite (Remember to add special thanks to Zephyr)\ul\b\par
\ulnone - \b0 Increased experience given by enemies that are stronger.\par
- Removed a Glitch causing Mischaela to appear as Knuckles\par
- Increased stats of Hunter Goblin to make it more on par with your force.\par
- Corrected worms stats\par
- Corrected an error causing the Brass Loaders max health to be less than current health.\par
- Bug fixed causing Dark Mage to not use Blaze.\par
- Fixed a bug allowing characters to go to areas they shouldn't in the Hassan Battle\par
- Battles now start using more diverse land effects.\par
- Fixed an error causing all Dialogues with Ian to not show chosen player name.\par
\par
\ul\b Version 1.10\par
\ulnone\b0 - Towns have been implemented into the game.\par
- Priest now available who can revive party members for a gold fee.\par
- Shops now implemented into the game, Only buying available.\par
- Shop 1 are 2 are available with new weapons\par
- Can exit town to return to previous fight.\par
- Yes or No Option now implemented.\par
- Egress now brings party to a town eliminating bugs from previous versions.\par
- Wooden Staff updated to be Bronze Rod\par
- Weapons now give proper stats\par
- Escape now called Egress\par
\fs24\par
\ul\b\fs20 Version 1.11\par
\ulnone\b0 - Battles 07 - 11 added\par
- New enemies added\par
- Flying type force units added in.\par
- New force members: Kiddo, Sylvia, Julia, Eric\par
- Implemented SavingGame and LoadingGame Scripts that should be compatible across versions.\par
- Continue feature now implemented in main menu.\par
- New menu added for priest, save feature implemetned in this menu.\par
- New menu added for shop.\par
- Fixed a glitch causing "Leather Glove" to only say "Glove"\par
- Fixed Blaze II Glitch\par
- Shop 3 added\par
- All Chapter 2 Cutscenes done.\par
- New Backgrounds added\par
- Hawel may learn most of his spells\par
- Knuckles may learn most of his spells\par
- Cynthia has more prototype spells\par
- Ian may learn all his spells\par
- Addition of many music tracks\fs24\par
\fs20 - Some stat balancing, especially making Ruburan weaker upon join and buffing up starting characters stat gains.\par
- Many new items added in.\par
- Chaos Breaker implemented into game along with New force member Max, and Oddeye who are not yet playable.\par
- Promotion implemented along with new battle sprites and new overworld sprites.\par
- Ian has a special sprite if Chaos Breaker is equipped.\par
- Detox added to the game\par
- Fixed a bug which caused the music in Battle04 to be bugged\par
- Fixed a glitch causing music to reset in the cutscene before Battle06\par
\par
\ul\b Version 1.12\par
\ulnone\b0 - File now has a generalized name for easier saving and loading across versions\par
- Shop option now compatible items may be sold\par
- Chests implemented and feature causing chests sprites to change upon opening or closing.\par
- Barracks added for switching out party members.\par
- Fixed a graphical error with the wheel in Hassan\par
\par
\ul\b Version 1.13\par
\ulnone\b0 -Fixed a bug causing the game to skip cutscenes and battles\par
-Added in way to receive Chaosbreaker in the cutscene\ul\b\par
\ulnone\b0 -Killing a boss unit will now end the battle\par
-When losing a fight you now go back to the city\par
-Fixed bug causing game to go to endless loop if all characters die in first battle\par
-Added music for defeat\par
-Show Mead in town for first battle and Ian for all others\par
-Fixed a bug causing friendly healers to play enemy soundtrack in battle\par
-Fixed a bug causing AI to not move towards player in some occasions the AI should feel much better now (This has been an issue for awhile and a few of you have noticed it).\par
-Select Sprite now flashes\par
-Now multiple save files\par
-Fixed a bug causing only new game and cont to be selectable when a file exists.\par
-Implemented Erase Feature\par
-Fixed issue causing the music with storyteller to not loop\par
-Implemented Copy Feature\par
-Enemies can inflict poison\par
-Cursed added in\par
-Can't change weapons when cursed\par
-Priest can cure curses\par
-Priest can cure poison\par
-Fixed Shop Prices\par
-Fixed Bug causing blocking to freeze game\par
-Made it so all characters join with proper weapons\par
-Added in Secret Character number 2\par
-Fixed bug in Battle05 opening chest 1 causes chest 2's sprite to appear open.\par
-Added in all proper items to chests\par
-Fixed a bug causing the game to crash if you opened the chests in Battle11\par
-Fixed a bug causing Sylvia to be referred to as a "him' rather than "her"\par
-Fixed a bug causing revival prices to be wrong when promoted.\par
-Added Jingle when opening chests\par
-Fixed bug causing buy option to be selected on first entrance to shop\par
-Fixed a bug causing no options to show when going to priest until an arrow was pressed\par
-Fixed a bug allowing the player to move while in shop menu if they sold an item\par
-Fixed a bug causing Battle05's cutscene theme to loop\par
-Fixed a bug causing chests to not remain looted even when opened\par
-Fixed a bug causing the two secret characters to join multiple times crashing the game\par
-Fixed a bug causing the statues to only target allies\par
-Healing has been added for enemy units and works\par
-Dark Shaman will now use his offensive and defensive spells\par
-Fixed a bug causing healing enemies to path find when not in range.\par
\par
\ul\b Version 1.14\par
\ulnone\b0 -Updated Knuckles sprite with Ivan Cal's version both overworld and battle\par
-Updated Ians sprite with Ivan Cal's version both overworld and battle\par
-Updated Magus Portrait with Lynx's version\par
-Updated Max Portrait with Lynx's version\par
-Updated Eiku Portrait with Lynx's version\par
-Updated Eric Portrait with Lynx's version\par
-Updated Lynx Portrait with Lynx's version\par
-Updated Magus Battle Sprite with Lynx's version\par
-Updated Cythia with Erikin84's Revision contains cleaned up original frames and new extra frames both pre-promotopm and promotion.\par
-Fixed a bug causing the game to crash when rare items are sold to the shop.\par
-Fixed a bug causing medical herb and healing seed not to heal\par
-Fixed a bug causing Middle Axe to be impossible to buy from the shop\par
-Fixed a bug causing steel arrow to not be equippable.\par
-Added in feature to allow users to save during battle, let me know how it works I didn't get to test it extensively but it seems to work\par
\par
\ul\b Version 1.15\par
\ulnone\b0 -Updated Shrine Battle Damage in intro screen as well as made the background the same in the first battle to reflect this new damage.\par
-Updated Adam Portrait and Sprite\par
-New Icon for Laser Eye Spell\par
-Updated Max Sprites\par
-Updated Lynx Sprites\par
-Updated Oddeye sprites\par
-Corrected a bug causing the wrong portrait to appear during a cutscene with adam and ruburan\par
-Corrected a spelling error in the original scripts persuing to pursuing\ul\b\par
\ulnone\b0 -Updated Mead sprite with Ivan Cal's version both overworld and battle\ul\b\par
\ulnone\b0 -Updated Sylvia sprite with Ivan Cal's version \par
-Fixed a bug causing the White Ring not to heal\par
-Added in Mobility Pimento to work in town as well as in battle\par
-Mobility Pimento now obtainable in Battle16\par
-Fixed a bug causing Cynthia to not learn Heal level 2\par
-Added in Chest for Mobility Ring in Battle13\par
-Fixed a bug causing Master Mage to not use Freeze\par
-Fixed a bug causing the 11th force member to not appear in battle 10\par
-Removed black outline from Blast spell\par
-Bug fixed causing healing units to heal themselves when their hp was full. (Atleast I believe it is fixed let me know)\par
-Fixed xp gains for chapter 2, 3, and 4 to match more projected levels.\par
-Fixed xp gains for promoted units (used to treat them as level 1 non-promoted)\par
-Fixed bug: When you click to "Sell" something in the shop, the selection cursor automatically jumps to Ian's first item in his inventory\par
\par
\ul\b Version 1.16\par
\ulnone\b0 -Fixed a bug causing any blood skull killed to end the battle\par
-Fixed bug causing Mead to not appear when equipping nothing\par
-Added in New Promo Sprite for Mead by Ivan Cal\par
-Added in New Promo Sprite for Sylvia by Ivan Cal\par
-Mead now has a different sprite for every weapon\par
-New Overworld sprites for promoted and pre-promoted Sylvia and Mead\par
-Sylvia now has a different sprite for every weapon\par
\par
\ul\b Version 1.17\par
\ulnone\b0 -Upgraded new Sonette Pre-Promotion with Ivan Cal's new overworld and in battle sprites.\par
-Enemies would heal themselves at full HP should actually be fixed this time. Along with this new bug fix the AI should now be better when healing other targets. Sometimes they were using their heals on targets that didn't need healing as much as others do to this bug it was more randomized than actually calculating a suitable target. Hopefully this AI should be way better now.\ul\b\par
\ulnone\b0 -Fixed a bug related to mana regain.\par
-White Ring appeared in Battle 11 it should only be Battle 20 this is now fixed to the proper item\par
-Added in Demon Rod, Evil Ring, and another staff to be obtainable\par
-Fixed a bug causing many characters to not learn new spells.\par
-New promoted Ian overworld sprite done by LordOddEye\par
-Fixed Dialogue Post Cutscene Battle 8. Some Dialogue was showing twice.\par
-Storyteller now talks thanks to Lynx's work and updated to have more color scheme\par
-Battle 3, Battle 9, and Battle 13 Map Updated Graphically (Ivan Cal's Polishing)\par
-Upgraded new Sonette Promotion with Ivan Cal's new overworld and in battle sprites.\par
-Big Graphical Upgrade to Battle 14 (Done by LordOddEye)\par
-Added Animated Rivers, created new river assets, Battle 03 (Done by LordOddEye)\par
-Big Graphical Upgrade to Battle 06 (Done by LordOddEye)\par
-Added Animated Water, Battle 04 and graphical update (Done by LordOddEye)\par
-Graphical Update for Barrels and Pots\par
-Big Graphical Upgrade to Battle 05 (Done by LordOddEye)\par
-Added Animated Water, Battle 06\par
-Added Animated Landscape, Battle 06\par
-Added Animated Water, Battle 10\par
-Added Animated Water, Battle 11\par
-Fixed a bug causing Battle 13 to crash if you walked on a certain tile/tiles.\par
-Added Animated Water Battle 13\par
-Added Animated Water Battle 17\par
-Fixed a bug causing music to restart in cutscene for Battle 08\par
-Further graphical revisions to Battle 05 done by Ivan Cal (Animated Torches Added in and Curvature)\par
-Fixed a bug causing players who opened a chest, saved game, and then reopened their file to be able to loot the same chest again.\par
-Fixed the journey suspension feature that is in battle\par
-Lowered flashing indicator brightness\par
-Fixed Nomenclature of Names\par
-Added in a few secrets\par
-Upgraded Hawel Pre Promotion Overworld Sprite(Done by LordOddEye)\par
-Upgraded Paige's Pre Promotion and Promotion Overworld Sprite (Done by LordOddEye)\par
-A certain character now uses Desoul as well (As intended)\par
-Fixed a bug causing Desoul Level 2 to have 5 range instead of the usual 2.\par
-Upgraded Cynthia Pre Promotion and Promotion Overworld Sprite(Done by LordOddEye)\par
-Added in new graphics for map border\par
-Added in Map23\par
-Added in ADVICE feature\par
-Added in animated portraits (mouths now move while talking)\par
-New Overworld Sprite for Secret Character 1 done by LordOddEye\par
-New Overworld Sprite for Secret Character 2 done by LordOddEye\par
-New Overworld Sprite for Ridion done by LordOddEye\par
-New Overworld Sprite for Morton done by LordOddEye\par
-New Overworld Sprite for Minto done by LordOddEye\par
-New Overworld Sprite for Eric done by LordOddEye\par
-New Overworld Sprite for Julia Pre Promotion and Promotion done by LordOddEye\par
-New Overworld Sprite for Knuckles Promotion done by LordOddEye\par
-New Overworld Sprite for Hawel Promotion done by LordOddEye\par
-New Overworld Sprite for Kiddo Pre Promotion and Promotion done by LordOddEye\par
-New Overworld Sprite for Bird done by LordOddEye\par
-Added in Rogue AI\par
-Updated Cannon Knight and Bowman Art\par
-Updated Dark and Arch Knight Art\par
-Updated Witch and High Witch Art\par
-Added new frames to Dark General\par
-Updated Hell Soldier\par
-New Statue Design by Ivan Cal\par
-New Hydra and Pyrohydra Design by Ivan Cal\par
-New Shaman and Dark Shaman Design by Ivan Cal\par
\par
\ul\b Version 1.18\ulnone\b0\par
-Fixed a bug related to Ridion and forming a battle party\par
-Added in upgraded Hawel Assets by Lynx (Portrait and Battle Cutscene Sprites)\par
-Added in Upgraded Mage Orb Asset by Lynx\par
-Added in Updated Map 4 with debris and better effects by Ivan Cal\par
-Added in upgraded Kiddo Assets by Lynx (Portrait and Battle Cutscene Sprites)\par
-Added in Updated Map 8 with debris and better effects by Ivan Cal\par
-Added in new Paige Asset for Battle Sprite created by Ivan Cal\par
-All battle sprites are updated to the same level of quality thanks to Ivan Cal\par
-All Overworld sprites were upgraded by Ivan Cal to reflect the new battle animations better\par
-Updated Heal Battle Animation Sprite\par
-High Witch and Regular Witch Overworld and Battle Sprites updated\par
-Every map now has a unique battle background (Credit to Ivan Cal)\par
-Fixed a graphical bug where a certain water enemy was seen swimming through land\par
-Battle Map 1 - 20 updated by Ivan Cal\par
-Added in prototype platform feature\par
-Fixed a graphical bug causing flying units to get hidden inside some objects\par
\par
\ul\b\par
BUGS:\par
\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\ul\b Possible Quality of Life Features for the Future:\par
\ulnone\b0 -Repair all weapons option (life quality)\par
-Promote all (i take it raise all is already there)\par
-maybe even stock all empty spaces with healing herbs/seeds\par
-Look into spears only being available at one point in game\par
\par
\par
\ul\b Spells still needed\ulnone\b0\par
-Sleep\par
-Anti-spell\par
-Slow\par
-Confuse\par
\par
\ul\b Need Still:\ulnone\b0\par
-Break item effects\par
\par
\ul\b Final Credits Citing:\par
\par
\ulnone\b0 -Ivan Cal\ul\b\par
\ulnone\b0 -Chaoswizard98\par
-Erikin84\par
-alex_man\par
-Tyadran\par
-Lynx\par
-Steve (Project Ego)\par
\par
\par
\par
\fs24\par
}
 